README.md, before:

# 4D Activity Editor

This prototype Activity Modeller uses the techniques laid out in [“An Integrated Approach to Information Management: Identifying decisions and the information required for them using activity and process models”](https://www.cdbb.cam.ac.uk/news/publication-integrated-approach-information-management-identifying-decisions-and-information).  Discover the value of using data to model activities and what’s involved in them.

The application is a next.js web application built around the editor to provide support and guidance, as well as allow for hosting. When locally spun up all data remains on the device.

The editor is built upon the principles of 4-Dimensionalism. By design the user interface hides the theory and complexity, whilst providing you the benefits of such a comprehensive approach. This editor is part of ongoing research, and as such [feedback](link-to-discussion) is greatly appreciated.

![Screenshot](docs/CraneLift-20230329b.png)


## Getting Started

Follow the setup instructions in the editor-app readme found [here](editor-app/README.md).

## Contributing

Contributions to the project are welcome. Please follow the contribution guidelines found [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

In brief:
- Check for existing issues or create an issue describing the enhancement you wish to make enabling any feedback / discussion before starting.
- Fork the repo to your account.
- Push all your changes to the new fork.
- Submit a pull request from the fork back to this main repo.

## Licence

4D Activity Editor is released under the terms of the  Apache 2.0 Licence [license](LICENCE.md).

Commit message:

Updated readme and issue templates for first pre-release (#34)
* Added github templates

* Expanded the readme

Added some additional wording on the readme for context

* Updated internal README for deployment

* Update README.md

Some final tweaks to the first two paragraphs.

* Added link to discussion board

---------

Co-authored-by: ClimbingAl <92215191+ClimbingAl@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Apollo Protocol: 4D Activity Editor
> Activity Model Development Tool

This application is a lightweight web application to produce activity models based on the principles of 4-Dimensionalism (4D) whilst hiding the model complexity from end users.

## Introduction

Knowing what information is needed to support any business activity is not easy. Especially engineering activities such as product assembly and management of assets throughout their lifecycle. 
It is crucial that relevant information requirements can be discovered by following a standardised and thorough approach to enable good, ongoing information management.

By creating 4D activity diagrams, you are provided with the means to document the information required consistently. 
The information output of which can be analysed as logical diagrams or machine-readable data for expanded data integration.
Well constructed activity models can aid business process improvement, information quality management, performance measurement and planning.


![Screenshot](docs/CraneLift-20230329b.png)

This prototype uses the techniques laid out in [“An Integrated Approach to Information Management: Identifying decisions and the information required for them using activity and process models”](https://www.cdbb.cam.ac.uk/news/publication-integrated-approach-information-management-identifying-decisions-and-information).  Discover the value of using data to model activities and what’s involved in creating them.

The editor is built upon the principles of 4-Dimensionalism. By design the user interface hides the theory and complexity, whilst providing you the benefits of such a comprehensive approach. This editor is part of ongoing research, and as such [feedback](https://github.com/Apollo-Protocol/4d-activity-editor/discussions) is greatly appreciated.

The application is a next.js web application built around the editor providing support and guidance to get started. When locally hosted all data remains on the device.


## Getting Started

An online free access version of the last released editor tool is hosted by GitHub Pages [here](https://apollo-protocol.github.io/4d-activity-editor/).

For running locally please follow the setup instructions in the editor-app readme found [here](editor-app/README.md).

### Examples

A series of diagram examples are included in the `./examples` folder [here](./examples/) that are supported by the tool in addition to the in-built examples.

## Contributing

Contributions to the project are welcome. Please follow the contribution guidelines found [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

In brief:
- Check for existing issues or create an issue describing the enhancement you wish to make enabling any feedback / discussion before starting.
- Fork the repo to your account.
- Push all your changes to the new fork.
- Submit a pull request from the fork back to this main repo.

## Licence

4D Activity Editor is released under the terms of the [Apache 2.0 Licence](LICENCE.md).
